React SearchBox documentation (#157)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react-searchbox/searchbase.md

---
title: 'SearchBase API Reference'
meta_title: 'API Reference for SearchBase'

> meta_description: 'SearchBase is a lightweight and platform agnostic search library for Elasticsearch.'

Reviewer: Wrong meta description. It's a component. We went over this distinction in the last call.

keywords:
    - apireference
    - searchbase
    - elasticsearch
    - search library
sidebar: 'docs'
nestedSidebar: 'react-searchbox-reactivesearch'
---

## SearchBase

> It is a container component that wraps all the ReactiveSearch components together. It binds the backend app (data source) with the UI view components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`SearchBase` is a container component that wraps all the Searchbox components together. It binds the backend index (data source) with the UI view components.
```

Reviewer: @nikhil-varma When you copy from other docs, make sure to edit for context of the current doc.

> (elements wrapped within ReactiveBase), allowing a UI component to be reactively updated every time there is a change in the data source or in other UI components.

Reviewer: @nikhil-varma Same here. There is no `ReactiveBase`.

### Props

#### To configure the Appbase environments

> -   **index** `string` [required]

Reviewer: @nikhil-varma Refer to Searchbase docs for the prop defintions.

Environment should be without (s) suffix.
